feat: enhanced project workflow benefits and improved beta message (#1097)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"

:::info
This is a **BETA** feature and, as such, is currently under active development.

> It can be safely used but there may be still be some missing features, check the [roadmap section](#roadmap-and-future-improvements) below to find out more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be safely used but there may still be some missing features: check the [roadmap section](#roadmap-and-future-improvements) below to find out more.
```

:::

The **Enhanced Project Workflow** feature aims at providing a better developer experience when working with Mia-Platform Console, as well as pave the way for the adoption of previously unavailable opportunities, such as the [GitOps deployment strategy](/development_suite/deploy/gitops-based/index.md).

## Benefits of the Enhanced Workflow

> The technological changes underlying the new workflow allows for improvements in both *user experience* and *future feature development*, as such there are several benefits of adopting the **Enhanced Project Workflow**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The technological changes underlying the new workflow allows for improvements in both *user experience* and *future feature development*; as such, there are several benefits of adopting the **Enhanced Project Workflow**:
```

> The technological changes underlying the new workflow allows for improvements in both *user experience* and *future feature development*, as such there are several benefits of adopting the **Enhanced Project Workflow**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The technological changes underlying this new workflow provide improvements in both *user experience* and *development of future functionality*, as such there are several benefits of adopting the **Enhanced Project Workflow**:
```

Author: included in @marcofilippi suggestion

### Tailored orchestrator configurations

By generating the orchestrator objects (e.g. *Kubernetes Deployment files*) at deploy time, the **generated configuration files can now be tailored for the selected environment**. 

Generated configurations are still saved on your Git provider repository in different directories, based on the deployed environment.  
You can review the configuration prior the commit by leveraging the [review feature](#kubernetes-configuration-review-and-export).

### GitOps Support

> As mentioned one of the most relevant features of the **Enhanced Project Workflow** is the GitOps deployment strategy support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned, one of the most relevant features of the **Enhanced Project Workflow** is the GitOps deployment strategy support.
```

Author: included in @albertotessarotto suggestion

> As mentioned one of the most relevant features of the **Enhanced Project Workflow** is the GitOps deployment strategy support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned one of the most relevant features of the **Enhanced Project Workflow** is the [GitOps deployment strategy](/development_suite/deploy/gitops-based/index.md) support.
```

This means you can leverage Mia-Platform Console and **run deployments with your favorite GitOps tool** (e.g. [ArgoCD](/development_suite/deploy/gitops-based/configure-argocd.md))

### Faster Design and general performance improvements

A great bottleneck in the Standard Project Workflow is the frequent interaction with the Git Provider during configuration management activities. **Moving away from such an architecture** and limiting the interactions only when they are truly needed (e.g. saving orchestrator configurations on git) **allowed us to provide a faster user experience**. 

> The section that benefits the most from such performance improvements is the Design section where, for example, **the average time** for loading a Project configuration has moved **from ~4s to ~200ms**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Console Area that benefits the most from such performance improvements is the Design Area where, for example, **the average time** for loading a Project configuration has moved **from ~4s to ~200ms**.
```

### Design advanced section featured in Merge

> The Advanced tab in the Design section is featured in all the workflow steps as it won't need a separate configuration management strategy anymore. This means you can safely use this section without worrying about duplicated commits or the inability to merge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Advanced section](/development_suite/api-console/advanced-section/index.md) in Design Area is featured in all stages of the workflow, and no longer needs a separate configuration management strategy. This means that you can safely use this section without worrying about duplicate commits or the inability to manage extensions during merge of configurations.
```

### New features

> As if the previous benefits weren't enough there is already a set of new features only available for the **Enhanced Project Workflow**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As if the previous benefits were not enough, there is already a set of new features available only for **Enhanced Project Workflow**:
```

-  [GitOps deployment support](/development_suite/deploy/gitops-based/index.md)
-  [External Orchestrator Generator](/console/company-configuration/providers/extensions/orchestrator-generator.mdx)
-  [Configurations review and export](#kubernetes-configuration-review-and-export)

And more features to come, such as:

> - Design save history with configuration compare within the Console

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Saving history with comparison of saved configurations within Design Area
```

> - Project configuration import from a runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Project configuration import from a runtime
- Compare generated configuration files with last deployed configuration
```

> - ...and more, check out the [roadmap section](#roadmap-and-future-improvements) for further information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ...and more, check out the [roadmap section](#roadmap-and-future-improvements) for further information.
```
